# COM3529 assignment feedback for mgegry1

## Part 1 – Automatic Requirement Generation

### 1. Data structure

**Description:** the extent to which it fully handles arbitrary predicates individual relational and boolean conditions represented and, or, not represented

**Verdict:** Full solution.

**Comment:** Fully represents all types of predicates. You made a good structure of the system.

### 2. Equivalent condition identification.

**Description:** Recognises inverted conditions, recognises different ordering of operands.

**Verdict:** Full solution.

**Comment:** Full recognition of "equivalent" conditions.

### 3. Automatic MCDC Requirement Generation (i)

**Description:** Generates all combinations. Handles ORs, ANDs, NOTs. Fully handles all arbitrary conditions.

**Verdict:** Full solution.

**Comment:** Seems to fully handle all types of conditions.

### 4. Automatic MCDC Requirement Generation (ii)

**Description:** Generation of restricted MCDC requirements. The extent to which this is implemented and correctly functions.

**Verdict:** Full solution.

**Comment:** Fully attempted and works to the best of my judgement.

### 5. Automatic MCDC Requirement Generation (iii)

**Description:** Generation of correlated MCDC requirements. The extent to which this is implemented and correctly functions.

**Verdict:** No solution at all (no evidence of criterion being attempted).

**Comment:** Not provided.

## Part 2 – Automatic Test Case Generation

### 6. Instrumentation

**Description:** The extent to which the scheme proposed supports monitoring of satisfied conditions for test input generation 

**Verdict:** No solution at all (no evidence of criterion being attempted).

**Comment:** No instrumentation is done.

### 7. Test Input Generation

**Description:** The extent to which inputs are generated by the tool to satisfy the test requirements generated. 

**Verdict:** Full solution.

**Comment:** Test inputs are generated randomly with options to set the limit on the number of iterations attempted. The user has to judge whether the requirements are feasible however.

### 8. JUnit file Generation

**Description:** The extent to which the tool produces a JUnit file automatically. 

**Verdict:** Partial solution - good attempt.

**Comment:** Uncompilable JUnit files generated for the test subjects and only one test case is written.

### 9. Assertion Generation

**Description:** The level to which assertions are generated to check the inputs generated.

**Verdict:** No solution at all (no evidence of criterion being attempted).

**Comment:** Assertions are not generated for the JUnit tests.

### 10. The README.md file

**Description:** The extent to which it was easy to follow the student’s submission, install it, clearly documented etc.

**Verdict:** Partial solution - good attempt.

**Comment:** A very basic README.md file. It would have been better to add more details about your structure and algorithms.

### 11. Video

**Description:** The extent to which the video assisted in assessing the other criteria based on the information given. 

**Verdict:** Partial solution - good attempt.

**Comment:** Shows the tool working but the video is silent.

### 12. Evaluation subjects

**Description:** Number and quality. Do they fully show off the strengths and weaknesses of the student’s solution (i.e., involve different, varied types of predicate), or are they limited.

**Verdict:** Partial solution - significant shortcomings.

**Comment:** Subjects are not clear and very few.

## Summary

You made an attempt to the assignment but there are a few problems in the submission. The video and README.md file were clear as to what you've done. You could have included a wider variety of examples to show off your tool.

**Final Mark:** 58

Please note that marks are unconfirmed until the spring module board.
